## What is my proudest achievement?
 
The proudest achievement for me is working in a cloud migration project and moving it to Production.
My current employer used to have a huge monolithic application, which was very hard to maintain. Later it was planned to segregate the application to several microservices. So I myself with another 6 engineers were given the task to build the cloud infrastructure and pipelines. Since it was from scratch, we had to give extra effort for the project. And since it was the first cloud migration project from the company, most of the top management were closely monitoring the project progress. We were able to finish the project and move it to the production phase after 18 months and it became a huge success as a team. We were highly appreciated by our company and client as well.
 
## A technical book I read recently and why I liked it
 
One of the best technical books I read recently is "Modern DevOps Practices" by Gaurav Agarwal. It is about how you can transition from the traditional world of virtual machines and adopt modern ways of using DevOps to ship a package of software continuously. I liked it because he is talking about number of topics in high level on DevOps practices and technologies. And his explanation is so simple and elaborative, even a non technical person would be able to grasp certain points so easily. I think you should also read it because technology is something that is evolving on a daily basis. So if you are not updated, you will be left behind. He is using a couple of tools to tackle the same problem. Since we would be using the same tool, it would give us an insight how we can use a different tool for the same purpose. And it is so interesting to see his approach to different problems. His approach would help us to tackle some problems we would be facing as well.
